this is a quick look at the macbook pro
I'm selling today it has a 2.4 gigahertz
core 2 duo processor it's got two
gigabytes of RAM and eight 600 mg t
graphics chip and two hundred fifty
gigabytes of harddrive space it's the
newest model of the non unibody design
lab repose ok if Lessing's dimension are
a slight dent on the lid there it is
very shallow but I've got some side
lighting going on second you can see
that as best as possible and on the side
there's a slight ding next to the
Express card slot again that's very
small and very difficult to see with the
naked eye ok but generally this map were
pros in very good condition there's no
scratches on the lid and inside the
keyboard the top plate of the trackpad
are in as new condition they are in
fantastic condition the screen
it's green it's very nice indeed okay so
we've had a look at the left side a
subscript look at the right side again
fantastic condition nothing wrong there
at all and what's have a quick look at
the bottom and the bottom is in good
condition as well I mean that's yacht
deal right scratch but nothing important
left Helena said little black mark just
below the disk drive and what for what
it is really but it won't come out
nothing important let's plan turn over
again ok it also comes with a DVI to vga
adapter so you can plug it into a
projector or a VGA monitor um comes with
an apple remote power supply obviously
applecare documents to leopard discs and
obviously the original box